README.md, before:

# winterschool-gwas-tutorial
Notebooks and resources for IPPAS winter school

A. Links to explore in GWAS presentation:
[1] [gnomAD](https://gnomad.broadinstitute.org/variant/1-55039845-C-T)
[2] [UCSC genome browser](https://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgTracks?db=hg16&lastVirtModeType=default&lastVirtModeExtraState=&virtModeType=default&virtMode=0&nonVirtPosition=&position=chr20%3A44944096%2D45709495&hgsid=3723108649_aX3aawere767ewwzsgjNYB5XY4XY)
[3] [GWAS primer](https://sci-hub.pl/https://www.nature.com/articles/s43586-021-00056-9)

B. Practical workshop:

PART 1 - GWAS tutorial (run notebooks in order):
  - [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/gosborcz/winterschool-gwas-tutorial/blob/main/01_data_and_exploration.ipynb) Notebook 1 — Data loading & exploration
  - [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/gosborcz/winterschool-gwas-tutorial/blob/main/02_quality_control.ipynb) Notebook 2 — Quality control
  - [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/gosborcz/winterschool-gwas-tutorial/blob/main/03_gwas_association.ipynb) Notebook 3 — Association analysis & results

PART 2:
  - with coding [burden tutorial](to fill in)
  - without coding [my favourite gene](to fill in)

Commit message:

Unify tutorial, add exercise notebook, code quality pass

README.md, after:

# winterschool-gwas-tutorial
Notebooks and resources for IPPAS winter school

A. Links to explore in GWAS presentation:
[1] [gnomAD](https://gnomad.broadinstitute.org/variant/1-55039845-C-T)
[2] [UCSC genome browser](https://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgTracks?db=hg16&lastVirtModeType=default&lastVirtModeExtraState=&virtModeType=default&virtMode=0&nonVirtPosition=&position=chr20%3A44944096%2D45709495&hgsid=3723108649_aX3aawere767ewwzsgjNYB5XY4XY)
[3] [GWAS primer](https://sci-hub.pl/https://www.nature.com/articles/s43586-021-00056-9)

B. Practical workshop:

PART 1 - GWAS tutorial:
  - [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/gosborcz/winterschool-gwas-tutorial/blob/main/gwas_tutorial.ipynb) Complete tutorial notebook
  - [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/gosborcz/winterschool-gwas-tutorial/blob/main/gwas_tutorial_exercises.ipynb) Exercise version (fill in the blanks)

PART 2:
  - with coding [burden tutorial](to fill in)
  - without coding [my favourite gene](to fill in)
